geoseries ep 16 close #59 (#60)
osgeonepal/osgeonepal.github.io: docs/Events/2024_06_21_geoseries_16.md

# Geoseries EP 16 (Technical Session)

### Title: The OpenEO API

**Date and Time:** 2024-06-21 Friday, 7:00 PM (Nepali Time)

**Moderator:** Tek Kshetri

**Poster By:** Aayush Chand

**Presentor:** Pratichhya Sharma

**Affiliation:** Remote Sensing Data Engineer at VITO

### Short Description

> Pratichhya is a Remote Sensing Data Engineer at VITO which is the Flemmish Institute for Technological Research. Her research work focuses on efficient remote sensing data analysis using cloud based solutions such as openEO. Currently she is actively involved in Copernicus Dataspace Ecosystem project where the European Space Agency aims to centralize data and APIs. Within the project she also tries to highlight the importance of FAIR principles and open-science offered by different components of ecosystem. Additionally she has also been an active member of the OSGeo Nepal community with an aim to encourage them in using open-source tools and technologies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pratichhya is a Remote Sensing Data Engineer at VITO (Flemish Institute for Technological Research). Her research focuses on efficient remote sensing data analysis using cloud-based solutions such as openEO. Currently, she is involved in the Copernicus Dataspace Ecosystem project, where the European Space Agency aims to centralize data and APIs. Within the project, she also tries to highlight the importance of FAIR principles and open science offered by different components of the ecosystem. Additionally she has also been an active member of the OSGeo Nepal community to encourage them in using open-source tools and technologies.
```
